README.md, before:

# PaLM API Image Editor

The "Image Editor" is designed to empower developers in efficiently editing and processing images within Visual Studio Code. First function is focused on the conversion of images to the WebP format, which is an optimal format for web applications. 

## Features
### WebP Image Conversion
 - Convert images to the WebP format seamlessly, reducing file size while maintaining image quality.
 - Enhance website performance by utilizing the efficient WebP image format.

## To use the PaLM API User Story to Code extension:

1. Right click on the image file in the navigation menu.
2. Search for the command "PaLM API: Convert Image to WebP" and select it.
<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/palm-api-images/imageeditor1.png" alt="how to use" width="734">
3. This action will generate a new file with a .webp extension.
<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/palm-api-images/imageeditor2.gif" alt="sample video" width="734">

---

## Working with Markdown

This README is authored using Visual Studio Code. Here are some helpful keyboard shortcuts for editing:

* Split the editor (`Ctrl + \` on Windows/Linux or `Cmd + \` on macOS)
* Toggle preview (`Shift + Ctrl + V` on Windows/Linux or `Shift + Cmd + V` on macOS)
* Press `Ctrl + Space` (Windows/Linux/macOS) to view Markdown snippets

## More Information

For more information on using Markdown in Visual Studio Code:

* [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
* [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/)

## License

[MIT License](./LICENSE)


**Enjoy creating unit tests with PaLM API Test Generator!**

Commit message:

Added resize and remove background.

README.md, after:

# PaLM API Image Editor

The "Image Editor" is designed to empower developers in efficiently editing and processing images within Visual Studio Code. First function is focused on images optomisations, such as the conversion of images to the WebP format, resize and background removal. 

## Features
 - Convert images to the WebP format seamlessly, reducing file size while maintaining image quality.
 - Enhance website performance by utilizing the efficient WebP image format.
 - Resize images to different formats
 - Remove image background

## To use the PaLM API Image Editor extension:

1. Right click on the image file in the navigation menu.
2. Search for the command "PaLM API Image Editor" and select it.
<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/palm-api-images/imageeditor1.png" alt="how to use" width="734">
3. This action will generate a new file with a .webp extension.
<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/palm-api-images/imageeditor2.gif" alt="sample video" width="734">

---

## Working with Markdown

This README is authored using Visual Studio Code. Here are some helpful keyboard shortcuts for editing:

* Split the editor (`Ctrl + \` on Windows/Linux or `Cmd + \` on macOS)
* Toggle preview (`Shift + Ctrl + V` on Windows/Linux or `Shift + Cmd + V` on macOS)
* Press `Ctrl + Space` (Windows/Linux/macOS) to view Markdown snippets

## More Information

For more information on using Markdown in Visual Studio Code:

* [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
* [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/)

## License

[MIT License](./LICENSE)


**Enjoy creating unit tests with PaLM API Test Generator!**
